TRACEY:		         own channel where we can A B test, which is good. And I have
				                no issues with it. But I just yeah, and it's just there's so
				                many people like fishing in the same pond at the moment. And
				                obviously how Jenny I create images, messages and publish to
				                test it against create current creative. So that's like,
				                looking at what the current standards are the design
				                standards, color palettes, all that sort of jazz, the end goal
				                of one to one personalized communications is all about
				                hyper personalization, which is what Venkat was talking about
				                as well. But starting point, and it's realistic, and an
				                aggregate, non personal data, etc.
				                Ages that will build
				
DUNCAN:		         this is not to do with the testing the templates, right?
				                This is to do on
				
TRACEY:		         No, no, no, this is the second. This is the second part. Yeah.
				                So, um, there, there is an element of, I think he is
				                talking about, sorry, no, it is, it's both. So he is talking
				                about creating an agent that am using existing tech and that
				                actually scans for compliance. So I think that's on I think
				                it's on down here. Let me look at it.
				
DUNCAN:		         Can we just check there's two bits in this compliance that
				your advert email push, whatever is compliant, but separately,
				there's the T's and C's that three to four thousand pond is
				compliant, that doesn't feel like it fits in here, or maybe
				it does.
TRACEY:		 Well, I think he is saying it does. So I think what he's
				saying is, they're going to create an AI agent that will
				scan the copy for compliance. So that will be compliance to our
				brand, and compliance to the regulatory. And, and I think
				he's called it like other assets in here as well. So, and I
				think we come down here. And so this is this is, I'll just let
				you read it. There's no point in me reading a slide for you. And
				but I think this is what he's talking about is in actually
				creating an AI agent that I think it's down here.
DUNCAN:		 Wow. Do you know any commercials around this?
TRACEY:		 Yeah, they're all they're all here. They're looking for seed
				money to support this. And so this is the use case that we
				have as well. But they're just looking at marketing, we're
				looking so we're looking at the full, what is the content that's
				on the FQDN. So Duncan, this is what we're talking about. They're
				not, it's not like PDFs or Word templates that go out to
				customers as such. It's what content is on the URLs. So I'm
				scanning that content exactly HTML like scanning that content
				against brand and regulatory. He's specifically talking about
				this proof of concept being for marketing, but then with the
				view that it can scale to, to do other things as well. Obviously,
				if it's successful, here's what his and here's his sort of flow
				and diagram on what he thinks he can achieve.
DUNCAN:		 Who's he in this context?
TRACEY:		 James Taylor. He's the guy that works in marketing. He's a
				market, he works in marketing. Let me slick him up a second.
DUNCAN:		 So it's him reaching out to Google who?
TRACEY:		 Correct.
DUNCAN:		 Seems a little bit a deal from Google? No,
TRACEY:		 no, no, no, no. So this is so which one is this one. So he is
				head of data and MarTech platforms. So this is this guy,
				but he's specifically in and he's specifically in marketing.
DUNCAN:		 Did we just see an access database?
TRACEY:		 Yeah.
DUNCAN:		 On LinkedIn, LinkedIn.
TRACEY:		 Yeah.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, I don't know what it is.
				It does that xxx for internal budget or is that to include
				Google and so on.
TRACEY:		 So this is just so and I'm trying to see what their I've got a
				meeting. So his his in his next in command is a guy you can see
				how many emails I've got open his next in command is a guy
				called Sam James on holiday. So I've got a meeting with Sam. I
				have a meeting with Sam I think it's on Thursday or Wednesday.
				Here, I've got a meeting with this dude. Sam Parry. I've got
				meeting with him to find out a bit more about this. So
				so
				so Yana is the girl that I was working with, he is in the
				customer kit, the customer team. That's who will be giving us
				the requirements for our proof of concept in regards to what
				are the regulatory requirements and the brand guidelines,
				etc, etc. So she's then obviously had a conversation
				with James, who she said is currently working with Google
				to develop an AI agent provide compliance oversight. But when
				you look at it, it's very much focused on marketing, what Yana
				is looking at is the whole FQDN estate, and whether or not
				that's compliant or not. So James is, you know, starting off
				with a small use case, which is fine. But we need to make sure
				that we've got skin in the game as well, which is obviously
				what, you know, we're doing with with Venkat.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, Google is providing.
TRACEY:		 So there, I think they're, they're basically writing the
				whole LLM really, they've done, they're creating the agent,
				aren't they? James can do that. So he'll be, he'll be doing this.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, I mean, they'll just be using a model like Gemini. They
				are using Gemini. Yeah. I think it says it in here. Do you know
				where it's hosted?
				And is this Google? Or is this a third party consulting house?
TRACEY:		 No, it's Google directly with Google. So they have our Google
				Google Cloud. Okay.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, they've Google Cloud.
				Yeah, I mean, James's degrees in marketing. So I doubt he's
				coding in any LLMs.
TRACEY:		 Oh, no, he's definitely not. That's what he'll be using. And
				that's what he'll be using them to do.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah.
				No, it's to support existing copywriters. Okay.
TRACEY:		 So this is another use. So this is so he has a number of use
				cases. So he has a copyright use use case, which is this. So
				every year, obviously, we hire copywriters to write the content
				for our marketing campaigns and our public web, just like we
				have UI and UX developers as well. And what he's saying is
				that, are you basically a copywriter costs around 136k a
				year. And actually, we could eliminate that by creating this
				whole gen AI model.
DUNCAN:		 Okay, so it's a very defined use case.
TRACEY:		 Yes, but he's also got one for image. And so finding the right
				image and to use in the market is not only to take a lot of time
				and effort. So he said, like, I'm the premier three campaign
				alone, photography costs 60k, and get the image contract was
				worth 75k, just covering stock photo purchase. And so what he's
				saying is, he wants to create this gen AI solution that will
				generate images and produce high quality, unique images grounded
				in HTC guidelines and blah, blah, blah. And that will save
				sort of this, you know, per year. But if you see they're
				looking for xxxk for all these use cases. So it's quite
				interesting where they're landing on xxxk.
DUNCAN:		 xxxk per agent or?
TRACEY:		 No, no, no. Well, no, it looks like they're separate asks. So I
				think it looks like xxxk per agent.
DUNCAN:		 And how many agents is he building?
TRACEY:		 So he's building one for copyright, he's building one for
				image. And then he's building the one that I'm interested in
				is this compliance one. And this is again, xxxk.
DUNCAN:		 I mean, okay, but that's for the point of concept. It's not even
				for a working solution.
TRACEY:		 Correct. So correct. We haven't we haven't committed to spending
				this. So he just PC. So this is what James is doing. He's out
				trying to get people to give him the money to proceed with this
				solution. Obviously, I already have locked in the funding with
				Venkat for our compliance solution. But I need to make
				sure that we don't duplicate effort. But this might give you
				better idea in regards to what sort of ask is there's where it
				says Gemini there and you read it somewhere using Gemini
				grounded in with publicly accessible guidelines and
				advertising standards authority, and the FCA marketing compliance
				agent will enable like marketing campaign managers to pre check
				their submissions with the aim of reducing the accept rate. So I
				think what happens is these are marketing people and create the
				content, and then they submit it in for approval and it gets
				rejected. Whereas this will give them they can run it through and
				make sure it passes before sending it in for approval. And
				then it's basically straight through. And then he was saying
				that it comes back around the loop two, three times before
				they get it right. But they've got no way of knowing if they're
				going to get it right second time or third time, whereas this
				agent will basically call out what they've done wrong. So
				they'll be able to fix it and then get it through next time,
				like quite, like,
DUNCAN:		 it's a pre checker, isn't it? It's like we apply for a credit
				card with a pre check.
				What you're doing here is you're adding another step to the
				process, right? What we're proposing is let's bring
				everything together. So an end to end to generate you would
				generate your you generate your content and then you run it
				inside of the platform and say we'll run it through that just
				to see that content whether or not or generate it in in the
				platform.
TRACEY:		 Oh, look, they've got something Google agent space. Do you want
				to watch this?
DUNCAN:		 You make it full screen?
				Can you hear it?
TRACEY:		 Not really.
DUNCAN:		 Could you make it full screen?
TRACEY:		 I'm just trying to get the volume on.
DUNCAN:		 No, you're fine.
				I mean, you know, you can create an agent in chat GPT or in in
				Gemini. That's was one of the first thing that you can do that
				we have an agent in our company for specific tasks. And all it
				is sets of guideline and then you've got your agent.
TRACEY:		 Is that all they're doing here then?
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, like literally, this could be done in in like a couple of
				hours. You just write an MD file for for specifying an agent. I
				mean, just ask. I actually like creating an agent like that,
				right? What does it involve?
TRACEY:		 But it's not you remember GPT when you created our own agents
				or this one would it looks at compliance of advertising, it
				copyrights essentially text for before it goes out to the
				client just to make sure it's make sure it's compliant. So what
				would be the steps required to create such a thing?
DUNCAN:		 I mean, I've been doing this this morning, ironically, with
				an employment contract.
				10 minutes.
				Hmm. Okay. So agents have like there was the first thing that
				they brought out in GPT. The ability to create your own to
				train your own agent on your own data set essentially. And it's
				just you can do it in chat GPT like right click create new
				agent. And then you basically prompt it and you give it like
				the instructions.
				So that's all they're doing here. Yeah.
TRACEY:		 Tracy, this morning, it's very similar with this to review an
				employment contract this morning, I just said that you
				are the best employment lawyer in Britain, please tell me that
				it went through it and explained where we were possibly in
				breach. And how we could tighten it is very similar, but you just
				have to a training data set.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, I think I think the best thing about this would be to just
				go ahead and do a training data set.
TRACEY:		 The best thing about this would be to just go ahead with with
				both and then see the difference. I think if we do a
				compliance one, ours will be integrated inside of a platform
				as in login details, management, user management, different
				functionalities, we can work on to it. I think this is a
				standalone platform that you have to log in and copy paste
				your thing. Whereas this the one that if we did, let's say we
				develop an LLM for figuring out the validity, the compliance in
				terms of business or business or regulatory for the existing
				FDHQ, I think it's called templates. Well, that agent can
				now be repurposed and integrated inside of the tool so that if a
				new one is generated, you can just run the agent behind it
				inside of the tool and it will say well, okay, you've written
				that text, may I suggest this on the basis that in this
				jurisdiction, X, Y, Z is not particularly
				like a coupon.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, exactly. Rather than having to go through that tool,
				which is all they've done is just got a set of basically got
				Yeah, but on the other hand, given the importance of AI and
				the organization and the rate at which you're going to need to
				deploy it in order to cut the fat, like it's worth spreading
				your bets, I'd say. Like that's how I would sell it to Vencat.
				I'd say, well, let's have a look and see what the differences
TRACEY:		 Yeah, okay, that's fine. I just wanted you to be aware and have
				visibility of it. And the other thing is we need to move fast
				because this is not slowing down. And so we don't want to
				miss the boat either. And then some gods, okay, we're going to
				give them, you know, we've got the funding, but so I think the
				next steps for us is to break that statement of work Duncan
				into those tranches. And how do you normally do the invoicing?
DUNCAN:		 So they were doing like an invoicing against, like a
				certain deliverables. So like you got paid like four times
				rather than just at the end or, you know, obviously, you don't
				get paid at the beginning, but at the end, so you can do
				similar, you can break the invoice down into for each of
				the phases, you have, or I think the way we were proposing it was
				that we bill at the end of every month, because we were aligning
				our phases at the end of the month. Now admittedly, if we
				overshoot in terms of like Christmas is in there, if we're
				not, we don't start soon, soon. Yeah. Then it might mean that
				the final phase drifts into January just because of
				Christmas leave. Yeah. And then apparently how it works is that
				you'll build at the end of the month, you then pay mansion
				house 32, 34 days later, and they then pay us.
				Apparently, that's the that's the flow.
TRACEY:		 So we don't pay them for 32 to 34 days.
DUNCAN:		 Apparently that well, if the invoice is dated, you know, the
				first of September or the end of August, then you guys hold on,
				you know, your your payment guys hold on to it for about, it's
				probably a 30 day term, but they're a bit late. And then
				they then
				get in what you call it.
TRACEY:		 So yeah, that's okay.
				You could also suggest that we link up with the team and have
				meetings and then just be open about what they're doing.
				Oh, no, no, we definitely will. We definitely will talk to we
				you will be talking to these guys no doubt about it. And I
				will definitely at some level, it's pretty critical to have
				some ability to do this internally, train a team that
				can do it in the long run. These kind of agent and that that's
				really like the angles what you want to take is like, well, if
				you pay Google to do it, then you'll have to go to Google to
				depend upon them to every time you need an agent.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah.
TRACEY:		 The other thing, Tracy, we used to do when I was at KPMG, and I
				think we proposed to do it here is every Friday, we send out an
				update to you, Venkat, whoever's relevant, which basically says
				what we've done this week, what we're going to do next week, any
				issues or opportunities or anything funky, whatever, any
				risks issues, whatever. Yeah. And then finally, anything sort
				of to do with effort or FTEs or anything around that. So every
				Friday to two o'clock, you'd receive that into your inbox.
				And that means there's no because basically, the secret
				here is no surprises.
				Yeah, obviously, you strive. I think obviously, I know you
				guys, I would just give you xxxk right now and say, come in, do
				the work for three months. And I trust you implicitly. Venkat.
				Venkat is not even actually the issue. Venkat is just like, are
				they starting tomorrow? I'm like, no, there's a process.
				He's like, fuck, I need them. I need them on the ground. And I'm
				like, I know. And he's really pushing to get you in really,
				really quickly. And whereas Somnath, Chandra, Fernando, they
				don't know you guys. And they're like, we're not just giving these
				people xxxk Tracy, you know, any broken down deliverables, we
				invoices against deliverables, we need to hold them accountable.
				Like, they can't just come in and do nothing for xxxk. We have
				to have output. And I'm like, they will give you output. They
				will, they will surpass your, you know, your expectation and
				I put, don't worry about that. And they're like, well, we need
				that in writing, because, you know, we don't know these
				people. And I'm like, fair enough. So that's what we need.
				And if you can actually sign off on the at the end of the month,
				whatever, who actually signs off on it, me, me, some level, it's
				about our trust with each other. So exactly, my biggest fear,
				I'll tell you my biggest fear, Tracy is, and I've seen some of
				the projects is that let's say, HSBC doesn't provide us with
				internal SMEs. No, don't worry. But that's my biggest fear is
				that that would happen. And we're sort of stymied. We've
				stopped to our other projects, and we're pinned down, we
				deliver nothing. I agreed. I agreed. And don't worry. And
				as soon as I can, and what I what I've been asking Fernando
				as well is, can we get you NDA'd? So we can have the we can
				bring you into these conversations early now, we can
				then identify who you need. So I already have the team, like in
				Jana's world, and Jana, so I've already had a meeting with
				Jana. Where's she here? So she's had a website customer team.
				She reports to the head of UK customer, which is Becky Moffat.
				I've had a meeting with Becky and said, we're going to spin up
				this team, we're going to look at create like an end to end
				content creation, creation, workflow and tool, and blah, blah,
				blah, blah. And but I need your help. I need people in your team
				to explain the challenges and the problems that you currently
				have. So she's put me in touch with like Amy from the CRM team,
				Carolyn Harrison from the customer communication team,
				Emily Turner for Innovation Banking, which is the area that
				we have spoken about before, which is the use case that we
				think we want to go with, because it's quite nice and
				ring fence. And they have people that can help us. And we've got
				we've got people in the global, the global AEM team that sit
				directly in Venkat's world as well. So I'm already trying to
				identify who all the key players are, where they are, and where
				they're in the country and where they're situated. And then
				really, what I want to try and do is do like two, maybe two
				one day workshops in London, where we get everyone in
				physically in the round table, that we can add like you guys
				will obviously steer the ship in regards to what you need from
				them. And then they will take actions away to then come back.
				And then obviously, my job would be helping you follow up on that
				and make sure they deliver on time to you. But the bigger one
				is, Jana has already started to gather what the regulatory
				requirements are for the FQDN scanning and what the brand
				guidelines are, what the color palettes are, etc, etc. And, and
				I'm just looking at where should we store them. And Fernando is
				already looking at can we can you use all of the so like, see
				for Svelte and stuff, will you need like a license for will
				HSBC need to be on board or what's the situation there
				Duncan with that because I wasn't sure.
DUNCAN:		 What do you mean? Like a license for for what?
TRACEY:		 Using Svelte because like obviously with React. I think it
				is. But when
DUNCAN:		 Giro is moving to Svelte at the moment.
TRACEY:		 Oh, wow. Really?
DUNCAN:		 Yeah. We've we're seeing them in the packages there. We're
				seeing a lot of like, libraries which are designed for like
				incredibly large volumes. And then there's all the guys who
				they've hired, they're all part of this stuff. So we're in
				early on this.
TRACEY:		 Exactly. So like things like that will be really interesting
				for interesting for Venkat.
DUNCAN:		 And it's free. It's completely free.
TRACEY:		 So, okay, so the other thing to do for me Duncan is what what
				kit? What was the I because you were saying basically VDI would
				be better for you rather than having to take our dev kits like
				our laptops and stuff. And so what do you want? Like do you
				have like a wish list of what you need from us? And I can get
				that. I can get that spun up now.
DUNCAN:		 I kind of need to talk to IT and see what they can give me
				because ultimately if if I
				if yeah, we'll need access to do you have VDIs but OS X VDIs?
TRACEY:		 I don't think so.
DUNCAN:		 Or do you have? Okay, in which case we will have to have a
				separate we'll have to have a separate MacBook. Or do you have
				Linux machines as well? Linux?
TRACEY:		 I'm not sure what we've got. I'll get I'll get someone from IT
				I'll get someone that can talk through
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, especially if you just hook me up with someone from IT and
				then we'll be able to talk.
TRACEY:		 Just to explain those well mansion houses advice was to go
				VDI because that wouldn't delay our onboarding. And then as
				that's happening also then ask for the relevant
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, we can start we can start with VDI and we can use Windows
				God. We can do that for now. But I mean, if I should probably
				probably a good idea. Let's just use Windows for this engagement.
				But then if there's any further work and ongoing basis, then we
				would we would definitely need
				our own hardware on Mac or Linux.
				But I think for the length of this engagement, I think I'm
				I'll relearn Windows.
TRACEY:		 You think Alex will be able to
				You might not need to done. You might not need to Duncan. Let me
				just connect with the right person and then we can see what's
				available because if I can start that now, even though we haven't
				signed the statement of work, then when do you think you can
				break down those deliverables and the invoicing associated and
				get that back to me?
DUNCAN:		 So I'll do that tomorrow.
TRACEY:		 So that needs to go back via Manchin's house.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah.
TRACEY:		 And then get them to send it to NatWest ASAP and tell them they
				need to. They're only copying Fernando in I think at the moment
				they need to copy me.
				They're not copying you in. They're copying you in. Who else?
				Let me find the email.
				By the way, Sunil and Fernando.
				Make sure they copy me in as well.
				Okay, Sam, Sam, Sunil and Fernando.
				And Yagnam Chandra.
				Oh, that's Chandra. Yeah, that's our procurement manager.
				Yeah, actually, you know what? Don't, don't, don't get them to
				copy me in. I'll get it from Fernando. Fernando works for me
				anyway, so I'll get it from Fernando.
DUNCAN:		 Okay.
TRACEY:		 Fernando, Chief of Staff for me.
				So I'll get it from him.
				Good to keep distance.
				Yeah, I think it is good for me to keep distance, actually.
				So I'll get it from him.
				It is good for me to keep distance, actually.
				So let's do that.
DUNCAN:		 Break down the deliverables and the invoicing
				and then get that back tomorrow.
TRACEY:		 That would be amazing.
				And then
				what is the next step then?
				And then I'll find someone from...
DUNCAN:		 Going back to the other piece around the agents, the
				emphasis here is they're not going to produce any, any
				platform whatsoever. They're just going to give you the
				built-in interface for the equivalent of chat GPT for
				Gemini. And they'll just try a bunch of agents where people
				have to log on and copy paste it.
				That is not what we're proposing to do for workshop number two.
				We're proposing to bring together a bunch of different
				processes which are happening back to back and taking a long
				time and try and figure out a way where then we can just
				expedite it into one platform.
TRACEY:		 Yeah, absolutely. And that's what we need.
				We need a more joined up view rather than this fragmented,
				you know, piece of like, you're, you know, sorry, I'm
				totally distracted.
				And we kind of have this fragmented view because it's not
				reusable and it's not scalable either.
				So it's just, it's at the mercy of who knows about it and who's
				using it rather than it being integrated into their actual
				workflow.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, I agree. Yeah.
				They're not going to create a platform like Infeldt or
				whatever, or Angular, they use Google.
				Yeah.
				I started off a lot more impressed with the deck than I
				finished, if that makes sense.
				I started going, wow, this is amazing.
				And by the way, I was like, actually, you're paying $600,000
				to chat with three agents.
TRACEY:		 Well, I know.
				We signed up to do that as well, by the way.
				We're happy to sign up to that contract.
				I don't think they're going to get all that funding, though.
				That's another thing.
				I don't think they're going to get that.
				And I think Venkat's probably going to be the one that says,
				you're not doing that.
				But I might say to him, to your point, Duncan, maybe
				don't be too worried about it.
				I would. I think at the end of the day, he might end up making
				us look good.
				Well, somebody needs to.
				I'll put the blur on my tongue.
				I've sung your praises to everybody.
				They think you're going to come in and solve world peace.
				They think you're going to get peace treaties in Ukraine, etc.
				Should we put Gazara as work stream number three?
DUNCAN:		 I think we should, to be honest.
				Why not?
				We have a solution, but I'm not sure it will work.
				I'm happy to execute that solution if it's the right one,
				if it's the one I'm thinking of.
TRACEY:		 Just nuke a few people's homes.
				You may very well say so yourself.
DUNCAN:		 I couldn't possibly comment.
				Exactly right.
TRACEY:		 So I think I think we've got a clear way forward.
				Let's try and get that back ASAP.
				And then it'll come to me for sign off.
				So I can sign that off.
				I'm really pushing to try and get that signed off this week
				because I'm like, their team don't do anything fast
				unless you push, push, push.
				They always come up with excuses.
				Like I said to Fernando, like, can't we just get that
				retrospectively and sign it on?
				He's like, no, no.
				So they're so risk adverse that it's, you know,
				it's not even funny.
				So I think if we can just give them peace of mind,
				I think that would be great.
				Then we need to do pairs, of course,
				which so Mansion House then needs to kick off pairs.
				And yeah, so I want to get you NDA'd
				while you're doing pairs though.
DUNCAN:		 Yeah, no, I know.
TRACEY:		 So we can start to bring you up to speed,
				especially get your requirements for like your kit and stuff.
DUNCAN:		 No, a hundred percent, it'd be great.
TRACEY:		 When are you next, what's your London time like?
				Just so we're aware.
				So I was going to come down next week,
				but Venk has decided to take the second week off
				without telling anybody.
				So he's really annoying like that.
				So I was thinking of the first week of September.
DUNCAN:		 Sounds good.
TRACEY:		 I normally do either Tuesday to Thursday
				or Wednesday, Thursday.
DUNCAN:		 Okay.
				But I can't do Monday to Wednesday actually,
				if that works better.
				Don't think it makes a huge difference.
				We might have something on Monday lunchtime,
				but other than that,
				I don't think there's a huge amount in it.
TRACEY:		 Okay, excellent.
				All right.
				Yeah, I'll maybe get that organized.
				And I wouldn't mind coming to spend a day with you guys,
				not in here to SPC office.
				So we can just-
DUNCAN:		 A hundred percent.
				Yeah.
TRACEY:		 So let's work out what day that's better.
DUNCAN:		 As a side note,
				I'm a bit surprised that Google is in the business
				of doing that kind of stuff,
				of going in consulting in a big organization.
				I didn't think it was a line of business
				that I'd be interested in.
TRACEY:		 You're surprised?
DUNCAN:		 Yeah.
				I guess it's free money.
				Yeah.
				That's what IBM pushed into eventually.
				Yeah.
TRACEY:		 They keep trying to invite me
				to Google summits and stuff.
DUNCAN:		 Yep.
TRACEY:		 But I've got no time to attend anything.
				I have no time to do anything at the minute.
				Right, cool.
				Okay.
				Okay.
				Onwards and upwards.
				I shall-
				I will-
				We'll give you this statement of work.
DUNCAN:		 Tomorrow.
TRACEY:		 Excellent.
				Okay.
				Look forward to it.
				Thank you very much, guys.
				Speak soon.
				Bye. Bye.
DUNCAN:		 Bye.
